README.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor - Base Apparel coming soon page solution

This is a solution to the [Base Apparel coming soon page challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/base-apparel-coming-soon-page-5d46b47f8db8a7063f9331a0).

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)


## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for the site depending on their device's screen size
- See hover states for all interactive elements on the page
- Receive an error message when the `form` is submitted if:
  - The `input` field is empty
  - The email address is not formatted correctly

### Screenshot

![](./screenshot.jpg)

Add a screenshot of your solution. The easiest way to do this is to use Firefox to view your project, right-click the page and select "Take a Screenshot". You can choose either a full-height screenshot or a cropped one based on how long the page is. If it's very long, it might be best to crop it.


### Links

- Solution URL: [Add solution URL here](https://your-solution-url.com)
- Live Site URL: [Add live site URL here](https://your-live-site-url.com)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- CSS Grid
- Mobile-first workflow
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) - JS library
- [Styled Components](https://styled-components.com/) - For styles


### What I learned


### Continued development



### Useful resources

- [Example resource 1](https://www.example.com) - This helped me for XYZ reason. I really liked this pattern and will use it going forward.
- [Example resource 2](https://www.example.com) - This is an amazing article which helped me finally understand XYZ. I'd recommend it to anyone still learning this concept.


## Author

- Frontend Mentor - [@geeky-amat](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/geeky-amat)
- Twitter - [@GeekyAmat](https://www.twitter.com/GeekyAmat)

## Acknowledgments

Commit message:

got the .svg logo to resize correctly

README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - Base Apparel coming soon page solution

This is a solution to the [Base Apparel coming soon page challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/base-apparel-coming-soon-page-5d46b47f8db8a7063f9331a0).

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [To know further](#to-know-further)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)


## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for the site depending on their device's screen size
- See hover states for all interactive elements on the page
- Receive an error message when the `form` is submitted if:
  - The `input` field is empty
  - The email address is not formatted correctly

### Screenshot

![](./screenshot.jpg)



### Links

- Solution URL: [Add solution URL here](https://your-solution-url.com)
- Live Site URL: [Add live site URL here](https://your-live-site-url.com)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Mobile-first workflow
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) - JS library
- [Styled Components](https://styled-components.com/) - For styles


### What I learned

- Got a lot more comfortable working with .svg files by importing them directly as react components. Understood the difference between viewPort and viewBox and used this concept to appropriately resize the .svg logo without clipping any part of it.

### To know further

- After importing .svg file as a React component, how am I able to pass attributes which is possible in a React element? Probably the answer could be that the attributes are passed as props itself but .svg is imported in such a way that the props are used to define the corresponding attributes with the provided value under the hood.

### Useful resources

- [What are SVG viewport and viewBox?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TBYJ2V1jAlA) - This helped me understand the difference between viewPort and viewBox.
- [SVG Components in React](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JUrcWu57itY) - Another way to use the .svg file with all its advantages by importing it as a react component.


## Author

- Frontend Mentor - [@geeky-amat](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/geeky-amat)
- Twitter - [@GeekyAmat](https://www.twitter.com/GeekyAmat)
